nginx migration to 1.1.1 (#144)
Axway/streams-open-docs: content/en/docs/relnotes/20220228_streams_relnotes.md

---
title: Streams February 2022 Release Notes
linkTitle: Streams February 2022 Release Notes
weight: 144
date: 2021-01-27
---

## Summary

Streams is available as a set of Docker containers deployable in Kubernetes by using a Helm chart. For a summary of the system requirements, see [Install Streams](/docs/install/).

> ## Important changes

Reviewer: Don't you want to inform about the release of Salesforce Publisher beta feature?

<!-- Use this section to describe any changes in the behavior of the product (as a result of features or fixes), for example, new Java system properties in the jvm.xml file. This section could also be used for any important information that doesn't fit elsewhere. -->

It is important, especially when upgrading from an earlier version, to be aware of the following changes in the behavior or operation of the product in this new version.

### Streams third-parties

The following third-party library has been upgraded:

* Nginx Ingress Controller : `1.1.1`

### Kubernetes version

> Due to the migration to nginx in version `1.1.1`, the minimum version of kubernetes supported is `1.1.19`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a result of the Nginx library update to version `1.1.1`, the minimum supported version of Kubernetes is now `1.1.19`.
```
